Add upgrade script info to README (#338)
ome/omero-figure: README.rst

    $ yum install python-markdown

Upgrading OMERO.figure
----------------------

After upgrading OMERO.figure with:

::

    $ pip install -U omero-figure

You need to update the Figure export script using one of the 2 options described

> above. If using *Option1*, you need to *replace* the existing script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
above. If using *Option 1*, you need to *replace* the existing script:
```

> above. If using *Option 1*, you need to *replace* the existing script:

Reviewer 2: Maybe indicate that the user must have some admin privileges to do such operation.
